We are designing a genetic circuit with three inputs: LacI, AraC, and TetR.
 The output is YFP, which is activated only when all three inputs are present (on).

 Interpretation:
 In genetic circuits, inputs are often repressors. So "present" and "on" might have different meanings.
 However, the user states: "activated only when all three inputs (LacI, AraC, and TetR) are present (i.e., ‘on’)".

 We assume that when the input is 'on' (meaning the repressor is present and active), we represent that as a logical 1.
 But note: in many genetic circuits, the presence of a repressor (active) turns OFF the expression.

 However, the user says: "YFP is activated only when all three inputs are present (on)". 
 This implies that we want YFP to be expressed (1) only when LacI, AraC, and TetR are all active (1).

 But typically, if LacI is present (1), it would repress the promoter. So we need to invert the logic.

 Let me clarify the common practice:
   - In a standard inducible system (like lac promoter), the presence of LacI (repressor) turns OFF expression.
   - So if we want expression when LacI is present, we would use an inverted signal.

 However, the user's requirement is: YFP = 1 when LacI is on AND AraC is on AND TetR is on.

 Since each of these being "on" (active repressor) would typically turn off expression, we have two interpretations:

 Option 1: The user means that the repressors are absent? Then we would need to invert the inputs.

 Option 2: The user has designed the circuit such that the presence of all three repressors is required to activate (which is unusual).

 But note: the user says "activated only when all three inputs are present". This is an AND gate.

 However, in genetic circuits, we often use promoters that are repressed by these proteins. So to have an AND gate of inducers, we might use:

   YFP = ~LacI & ~AraC & ~TetR   [if we consider that the repressors are active high and we want expression when they are absent]

 But the user said: when the inputs are present (on) -> meaning we want expression when LacI=1, AraC=1, TetR=1.

 This would require a promoter that is activated only when all three repressors are present? That is not typical.

 Alternatively, we might have:
   Each input is an activator? Then having all three activators present would activate.

 However, the inputs are named LacI, AraC, TetR which are typically repressors.

 Given the ambiguity, we must note:

   In the Verilog model for Cello, the inputs and outputs are abstracted as digital signals. The user's description is:

      YFP = 1 when (LacI == 1 AND AraC == 1 AND TetR == 1)

 So we implement a 3-input AND gate.

 But note: the user might have intended the opposite. However, we follow the specification literally.

 Therefore, we design:

   module top(
        input wire LacI,
        input wire AraC,
        input wire TetR,
        output wire YFP
   );
   assign YFP = LacI & AraC & TetR;
   endmodule

 However, if the biological reality is that the repressors are active high and we want expression only when they are absent, then we would have to invert the inputs.

 But the user did not specify inversion. So we go by the literal requirement.

 Since the user might be thinking in terms of activators, we will implement as per the given requirement.

 We can note in the explanation that if the inputs are repressors, this design might not be biologically meaningful and we might need to invert the inputs.

 However, the user may have designed the circuit such that the presence of the three repressors together activates a special promoter? That is a design assumption.

 So we generate the code as an AND gate.

 Steps:

 1. Declare the module with inputs: LacI, AraC, TetR (in alphabetical order: AraC, LacI, TetR) and output YFP.

 2. Use an assign statement: YFP = LacI & AraC & TetR;

 But note: the requirement says "only when all three inputs are present (on)", so when all are 1, output is 1.

 However, in the conversation stage, we are at design. We generate the code and then explain.

 Let's generate the code accordingly.
